Send: layout link fix (#1366)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Send.md

Every transaction must specify a fee which incentives the miner to include it in a block, it is calculated by `value of inputs - value of outputs`.
The higher the fee per virtual byte (vByte) transaction size, the more likely miners are to confirm this transaction.
Wasabi uses Bitcoin Core's `smart fee` algorithm to estimate the time it will take to confirm at the given fee level.

> You can change the fee by moving the slider, or specify it manually by using the [Advanced option](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#how-do-i-set-custom-fee-rate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the fee by moving the slider, or specify it manually by setting the [transaction fee rate](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.html#how-do-i-set-custom-fee-rate).
```
